keep silence before me o coastlands and
let the people renew their strength
let them come near then let them speak
let us come near together for judgment
who raised up one from the east who in
righteousness called him to his feet
who gave the nation's before him and
made him rule over kings who gave them
as the dust to his sword as driven
stubble to his bow who pursued them and
passed safely by the way that he had not
gone with his feet who has performed and
done it calling the generations from the
beginning I the LORD am the first and
with the last I am he the coastlands saw
it and filled the ends of the earth were
afraid they drew near and came everyone
helped his neighbor and said to his
brother be of good courage so the
craftsmen encouraged the goldsmith he
who smooths with the hammer inspired him
who strikes the anvil saying it is ready
for the soldering then he fastened it
with pegs that it might not taught her
but you Israel are my servant Jacob whom
I have chosen the descendants of Abraham
my friend
you whom I have taken from the ends of
the earth and called from its farthest
regions and said to you you are my
servant I have chosen you and have not
cast you away fear not for I am with you
be not dismayed for I am your God I will
strengthen you yes I will help you I
will uphold you with my righteous right
hand behold
all those who are incensed against you
shall be ashamed and disgraced they
shall be as nothing and those who strive
with you shall perish you shall seek
them and not find them those who
contended with you those who wore
against you shall be as nothing as a
non-existent thing for I the Lord your
God will hold your right hand saying to
you fear not I will help you fear not
you worm
Jacob you men of Israel I will help you
says the Lord and your Redeemer the Holy
One of Israel behold I will make you
into a new threshing sledge with sharp
teeth you shall Thresh the mountains and
them small and make the hills like chaff
you shall winner them the wind shall
carry them away and the whirlwind shall
scatter them you shall rejoice in the
Lord and glory in the Holy One of Israel
the poor and needy seethe water but
there is none their tongues fail for
thirst I the Lord will hear them I the
God of Israel will not forsake them I
will open rivers in desolate heights and
fountains in the midst of the valleys I
will make the wilderness of pool of
water and the dry land Springs of water
I will plant in the wilderness the cedar
and the acacia tree the myrtle and the
oil tree I will set in the desert the
cypress tree and the pine and the box
tree together
that they may see and know and consider
and understand together that the hand of
the Lord has done this and the Holy One
of Israel has created it present your
case says the Lord bring forth your
strong reasons says the king of Jacob
let them bring forth and show us what
will happen let them show the former
things what they were that we may
consider them and know the latter end of
them or declared to us things to come
show the things that are to come here
after that we may know that you are gods
yes do good or do evil that we may be
dismayed and see it together
indeed you are nothing and your work is
nothing he who chooses you is an
abomination I have raised up one from
the north and he shall come from the
rising of the Sun he shall call on my
name and he shall come against Prince's
as though mortar as the potter treads
clay who has declared from the beginning
that we may know and former times that
we may say he is righteous surely there
is no one who shows surely there is no
one who declares surely there is no one
who hears your words the first time I
said to Zion look there they are and I
will give to Jerusalem one who brings
good tidings for I looked and there was
no man I looked among them but there was
no counselor who when I asked of them
could answer a word
indeed they are all worthless their
works are nothing they're molded images
are wind and confusion
[Music]